Hi all with you crazy and this already
anniversary fifth edition now try
explain what happened to me the other day
I mean I'm sleeping
don't touch anyone and me through sweet
sleep suddenly honestly i ohuy but not
essence let's go directly to
I’m playing a video on a dusty and right now
will show you how to give unreal dick this
with digla we look and remember well, fuck
Parkurist and do not live long
where is all the rest of the meat go to
maybe there we will find the little things
sound zayebali probably forgot what you logged in
On public they fucking with server
hear zigu brother catch
it's you alone again
what a team bitch i 'm going to revenge well where
you are there narrow-eyed assholes for
Well , you all fucked me
now I will find that no yes markelova a
here and he is his friend pidaras here and the third
Paris
and the last and frags are always the most difficult
such feeling that it is unique.
on this map, well , fuck them 2
2 tushkanov ushatali here and the third came in time
what the hedgehog is in the fog
I'm sitting in my newcomers waiting for the ridge then
time like some jew
does -4 put on the main thing not to give eis
well what is it I expected more to any eye
ridge
you probably came with a box
shoot well what about your present
bro
why do i play on one life
on and mku went
Vanguyu random ball they themselves under bullets
climb
Well, you bottom I had 10 happy
bro in my x look
fucking in the course that schoolboy threw off the burned
famously
come on carpets
boy in the wrong place bomb
you put
naive there think so simple
take away the bomb here and the meat so crushes and you
Che came here on a box to see a last
carpets -5 give dad let's expand
zigu
and then let's go for centuries to shoot
for
where is everyone
and here they are
3 thought that all of them had been killed by the bed
here you are promised to be a wiki
now try to shoot something
fit
what is this airborne trooper
rumor as a banteev answer
what kind of voting is that?
to focus on the inhabitants of the public that
it's him all jumped on me guys
understood admin well, all as usual
fuck me decided
and you that there sawest
thank you all for watching do not forget
like and post comments
if you watched it up to that point
I advise you to subscribe to the channel of my friend
he does something like trolling
all homeless in the Sampa
video is still small but there is something for that
look